README.md, before:

<img src='logo/hydra.png'/>

*hydra* is a simple daemon that emits events to clients listening over TCP.
It was originally meant as (and is still used as) a more efficient alternative
to polling in panel scripts. Using *hydra* one can create a more unix-y
alternative to polybar. By default *hydra* listens on port 9900.

*hydra-head* connects to *hydra*'s socket and listens for emitted events.


## Install

    $ go install github.com/eugene-eeo/hydra
    $ go install github.com/eugene-eeo/hydra/opt/hydra-head
    $ echo '{}' > ~/.hydrarc.json


## Usage

    $ nohup hydra &  # spawns processes and emits events
    $ hydra-head     # listens to events emitted by hydra
    $ nc localhost 9900  # alternative to hydra-head


## Config

Options for *hydra* are stored in the `~/.hydrarc.json` file. Note that the
daemon needs to be restarted for changes to take effect (you can just kill
the hydra process). An example config file is:

    {
      "nmcli": true,
      "pactl": true
    }

This listens to NetworkManager and PulseAudio events. The `nmcli` and
`pactl` events are emitted for each of those services respectively.
To listen to services, add more procs to the 'procs' key. Say you wanted
to send notifications whenever the networkmanager status changes. We can
match and emit events on the relevant lines:

    {
      "procs": [{
        "proc": ["nmcli", "monitor"],
        "match": [
          ["nmcli:connected",    "^.+: connected$"],
          ["nmcli:disconnected", "^.+: disconnected$"],
          ["nmcli:unavailable",  "^.+: unavailable$"]
        ]
      }]
    }

Think of the `match` array as a big switch statement; each element in
the array (the matcher) contains an event and regex. The first matcher
which regex matches the line would have have it's event emitted.
Thus the order of the matchers is important.

Then we can have a little bash script that runs in the background
and monitors these events:

    #!/bin/bash
    hydra-head | while read event; do
        case "$event" in
            nmcli:connected)    notify-send 'nm' "connected to $(iwgetid -r)" ;;
            nmcli:disconnected) notify-send 'nm' 'disconnected' ;;
            nmcli:unavailable)  notify-send 'nm' 'unavailable' ;;
        esac
    done

The advantage for using hydra becomes apparent when you have multiple
of these monitor scripts; you don't have to spawn multiple instances
of `nmcli monitor`.

Commit message:

add hydra-timer, and support for forwarding output

README.md, after:

<img src='logo/hydra.png'/>

*hydra* is a simple daemon that emits events to clients listening over TCP.
It was originally meant as (and is still used as) a more efficient alternative
to polling in panel scripts. Using *hydra* one can create a more unix-y
alternative to polybar. By default *hydra* listens on port 9900.

*hydra-head* connects to *hydra*'s socket and listens for emitted events.


## Install

    $ go install github.com/eugene-eeo/hydra
    $ go install github.com/eugene-eeo/hydra/opt/hydra-head
    $ echo '{}' > ~/.hydrarc.json


## Usage

    $ nohup hydra &  # spawns processes and emits events
    $ hydra-head     # listens to events emitted by hydra
    $ nc localhost 9900  # alternative to hydra-head


## Config

Options for *hydra* are stored in the `~/.hydrarc.json` file. Note that the
daemon needs to be restarted for changes to take effect (you can just kill
the hydra process). An example config file is:

    {
      "nmcli": true,
      "pactl": true
    }

This listens to NetworkManager and PulseAudio events. The `nmcli` and
`pactl` events are emitted for each of those services respectively.
To listen to services, add more procs to the 'procs' key. Say you wanted
to send notifications whenever the networkmanager status changes. We can
match and emit events on the relevant lines:

    {
      "procs": [{
        "proc": ["nmcli", "monitor"],
        "match": [
          ["nmcli:connected",    "^.+: connected$"],
          ["nmcli:disconnected", "^.+: disconnected$"],
          ["nmcli:unavailable",  "^.+: unavailable$"]
        ]
      }]
    }

Think of the `match` array as a big switch statement; each element in
the array (the matcher) contains an event and regex. The first matcher
which regex matches the line would have have it's event emitted.
Thus the order of the matchers is important. If the `match` array is
empty, then *hydra* simply forwards all output from the process, line
by line to listening clients.

Then we can have a little bash script that runs in the background
and monitors these events:

    #!/bin/bash
    hydra-head | while read event; do
        case "$event" in
            nmcli:connected)    notify-send 'nm' "connected to $(iwgetid -r)" ;;
            nmcli:disconnected) notify-send 'nm' 'disconnected' ;;
            nmcli:unavailable)  notify-send 'nm' 'unavailable' ;;
        esac
    done

The advantage for using hydra becomes apparent when you have multiple
of these monitor scripts; you don't have to spawn multiple instances
of `nmcli monitor`.
